Update Apex Writing and Testing (#1931)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/articles/apex/testing.md

title: Apex Tests
---

> Apex extension allows you run Apex tests to verify the functionality of your code. You can retrieve code coverage results for your Apex classes and triggers every time you run one or more tests. To do this, edit your workspace settings and set `salesforcedx-vscode-core.retrieve-test-code-coverage` to **true**.

Reviewer: Should we link the doc on setting workspace settings?

> Apex extension allows you run Apex tests to verify the functionality of your code. You can retrieve code coverage results for your Apex classes and triggers every time you run one or more tests. To do this, edit your workspace settings and set `salesforcedx-vscode-core.retrieve-test-code-coverage` to **true**.

Reviewer 2: > Should we link the doc on setting workspace settings?

Yeah, I think that's a good idea to link to it @brpowell .  Especially for new users, this might not be familiar and will save them searching

## Explore Apex Tests

> Apex Tests view in the Side Bar provides several features for working with your tests such as run one test method, test methods in one class, or all your tests. To access Apex Tests view, click the beaker icon ({% octicon beaker %}) in the Activity Bar on the left side of the VS Code editor. If you don’t see this icon, make sure that the project contains an `sfdx-project.json` file in its root directory.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should be calling the test sidebar the "Apex Tests" view since the test view displays both apex and lwc tests now. But maybe that's overthinking it. @smaddox-sf

Reviewer: Should we link the sfdx project json section under the first project doc?

Reviewer 2: That's a good point @brpowell .  I think we should just call it 'Tests' when we refer to the sidebar since it is more than Apex

The Apex Tests view lists all the Apex tests and allows you to:

- Run Tests

  - Run a test for a single method: Hover over the name of a test method and click the play icon (hover text: Run Single Test).
  - Run tests for all the methods in a class: Hover over the name of a test class and click the play icon (hover text: Run Tests).
  - Run all tests: Hover over the Apex Tests view and click the play icon ({% octicon play %}).

After you run Apex tests, SFDX: Re-Run Last Invoked Apex Test Class and SFDX: Re-Run Last Invoked Apex Test Method commands are available in the Command Palette.

- View Test Results

  - For passing tests, the blue icons next to the classes and methods change to green icons.
  - For failing test, the icons turn red.

> You can view the test details by hovering over the test class name.

Reviewer: This seems a bit ambiguous. What test details, and is this referring to the test class name in the test view or in the editor window?

- Go to Test Class Definitions

> To jump to the definition of a test class, a test method that passed, or a method that you haven’t run yet, click its name. If you click the name of a failed test method, you jump to the assert statement that failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To jump to the definition of a test class, a test method that passed, or a method that you haven’t run yet, click its name. If you click the name of a failed test method, you jump to the line where the failure occurred.
```

It could be an assert statement or just any failure like an exception.

- Clear Test Results

> To clear the test results, click the refresh icon at the top of the Apex Tests view (hover text: Refresh Tests).

Reviewer: The refresh button is also used for loading new tests if you've added more methods or classes since the last time the view was populated.

Author: Addedd another bullet Refresh Apex Tests View
